month-one-learn-linux-and-bash/week-one/day-1.md, before:

# Day 1: Learn Linux and Bash

## Summary
Today, I learned the Linux Shell, Linux file structure and navigation using commands like `ls`, `cd`, `pwd`, and `man`. I also learnt sybolic links, hard links and exploring the linux system using commands like `file`, `less`, etc 

## Struggles
- There was none as I was already familiar with most of these commands moreover, i already studied using Linux Basics for Hackers book, I stopped after a week of reading and documenting with the book simply because most of the topics covered were Kali Linux Based and I have a fedora installed on my PC which might hinder learning some of the concepts covered in the book. In addition, some of the chapters of the book seem off context for my learning journey. I only covered the first four chapters of the Linux Basics for hackers book - by occupytheweb.

## Resources Used
- [Learn to Cloud Guide](https://learntocloud.guide/)
- *The Linux Command Line* by William Shotts (Chapters 1-3)

## Major Highlight
The major highlight for the reading today was a statement in the "Introduction" of "The Linux Command Line" book by William which i quote below;

> Many people speak of “freedom” with regard to Linux, but I don't think most people know what this freedom really means. Freedom is the power to decide what your computer does, and the only way to have this freedom is to know what your computer is doing. Freedom is a computer that is without secrets, one where everything can be known if you care enough to find out.

## Next Steps
- Practice file and directories manipulation using commands like `cp`, `mv`, `mkdir`, `rm` etc.
- Explore more advanced commands like `ln` for creating hard links and symlinks.

Commit message:

add ./missing-semester resource to day-1

month-one-learn-linux-and-bash/week-one/day-1.md, after:

# Day 1: Learn Linux and Bash

## Summary
Today, I learned the Linux Shell, Linux file structure and navigation using commands like `ls`, `cd`, `pwd`, and `man`. I also learnt sybolic links, hard links and exploring the linux system using commands like `file`, `less`, etc 

## Struggles
- There was none as I was already familiar with most of these commands moreover, i already studied using Linux Basics for Hackers book, I stopped after a week of reading and documenting with the book simply because most of the topics covered were Kali Linux Based and I have a fedora installed on my PC which might hinder learning some of the concepts covered in the book. In addition, some of the chapters of the book seem off context for my learning journey. I only covered the first four chapters of the Linux Basics for hackers book - by occupytheweb.

## Resources Used
- [Learn to Cloud Guide](https://learntocloud.guide/)
- *The Linux Command Line* by William Shotts (Chapters 1-3)
- Missing semester of your CS Education - Lecture 1 : Course Overview + The shell [link here](https://missing.csail.mit.edu/2020/course-shell/)

## Major Highlight
The major highlight for the reading today was a statement in the "Introduction" of "The Linux Command Line" book by William which i quote below;

> Many people speak of “freedom” with regard to Linux, but I don't think most people know what this freedom really means. Freedom is the power to decide what your computer does, and the only way to have this freedom is to know what your computer is doing. Freedom is a computer that is without secrets, one where everything can be known if you care enough to find out.

## Next Steps
- Practice file and directories manipulation using commands like `cp`, `mv`, `mkdir`, `rm` etc.
- Explore more advanced commands like `ln` for creating hard links and symlinks.
